Migrate documentation from Relishapp to Github page (#968)
vcr/vcr: docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

## Contributing

> Install [bundler](http://gembundler.com/) and use it to install all the development dependencies:

Reviewer: Ha, this is an ancient URL, now, 
```suggestion
Install [bundler](http://bundler.io/) and use it to install all the development dependencies:
```
